You're going to nerve talking about the business?
Dad, you're back.
She's my dear daughter.
You miss daddy?
What's with the attitude?
You know, hello from me.
I'm your father, too.
Mm.
Father, right.
Yeah, I think the last time I saw you was what?
Three days after mom died when you brought Dolores home,
but I'm not mistaken.
I'm surprised you're showing your face here again.
You disrespect her again, and I'm-
All right.
Dad, let's discuss family matters at home.
For now?
We'll discuss business.
The hotel's rebranding and restructuring has been confirmed,
and nobody can change it.
I object.
I'm sorry, but I'm not just going to give up the hotel without a fight.
Shut up.
You think the hotel still is glorious as it was a dozen years ago?
Based on the operating status, it is better to see refinancing and restructuring
rather than delay and go bankrupt.
Do you hear yourself?